[18:29:55] do that for you can just show you what did. All right? So gave you, gave you the spells to pick the bindings. Let's do melee abilities that are important. didn't barely touched on those. We're going to g0 to skills. We're going to g0 to weapons; skills; whichever the two hander you choose
[18:29:57] gave you, gave you the spells to pick the bindings. Let's do melee abilities that are important. didn't barely touched on those_ We' 're going to g0 to skills. We're going to g0 to weapons; skills; whichever the two hander you choose You're going to have disabling
[18:29:59] melee abilities that are important. didn't barely touched on those_ We're going to g0 to skills. We're going to g0 to weapons, skills; whichever the two hander you choose_ You're going to have disabling blow bound. You're going to have
[18:30:01] those. We're going to g0 to skills. We're going to g0 to weapons; skills, whichever the two hander you choose You're going to have disabling blow bound. You're going to have Power Attack bound. You're going to have Whirlwind bound and you're
[18:30:03] those_ We're going to g0 to skills. We're going to g0 to weapons, skills; whichever the two hander you choose You're going to have disabling Blow bound; you're going to have Power Attack bound; you're going to have Whirlwind bound; and you' 're going to have knockback bound
[18:30:07] weapons; skills, whichever the two hander you choose You're going to have disabling blow bound; you're going to have Power Attack bound, you're going to have Whirlwind bound; and you're going to have Knockback bound OK Now forever reason for.
[18:30:14] You're going to have disabling blow bound; you're going to have Power Attack bound, you're going to have Whirlwind bound; and you're going to have Knockback bound OK. Now forever reason for me right now knockbacks not working It's supposed to_
[18:30:16] have Power Attack bound; you're going to have Whirlwind bound; and you' re going to have Knockback bound OK. Now forever reason for me right now knockbacks not working. It's supposed to knock them up. don't know why it isn't, but it's a knock.
[18:30:19] bound; and you're going to have Knockback bound OK Now forever reason for me right now knockbacks not working: It's supposed to knock them up. don't know why it isn't; but it's a knock back is a really good tool to get someone off of a gank or revive
[18:30:24] Now forever reason for me right now knockbacks not working It's supposed to knock them up. I don't know why it isn't; but it's a knock back is a really good tool to get someone off of a gank or revive- So you.
[18:30:28] It's supposed to knock them up. don't know why it isn't, but it's a knock back is a really good tool to get someone off of a gank or revive. So you want to bind Power Attack, Whirlwind and knock back seas?
[18:30:32] it's a knock back is a really good tool to get someone off of a gank or revive. So you want to bind Power Attack Whirlwind and Knock back seas? Doesn't really work as far as know; so don't worry about that. And then you're disabling blows
[18:30:35] gank or revive So you want to bind Power Attack, Whirlwind and knock back seas? Doesn't really work as far as know; so don't worry about that. And then you're disabling blows OK. So we got our we got our weapons bound.
[18:30:39] So you want to bind Power Attack, Whirlwind and knock back seas? Doesn't really work as far as know; so don't worry about that. And then you're disabling blows OK. So we got our we got our weapons bound. Let's go over.
[18:30:42] seas? Doesn't really work as far as know; so don't worry about that. And then you're disabling blows OK. So we got our we got our weapons bound. Let's g0 over the map. Let's g0 over the map. Now kind of want to do
[18:30:46] about that. And then you're disabling blows OK. So we got our we got our weapons bound. Let's g0 over the map Let's g0 over the map. Now kind of want to do a quick Video on the map to explain that to you
[18:30:53] Let's g0 over the map Let's g0 over the map. Now kind of want to do a quick Video on the map to explain that to you. So the map in Darkfall is probably. One of the best
[18:30:58] want to do a quick Video on the map to explain that to you. So the map in Darkfall is probably. One of the best maps I've ever seen; which is crazy but | showed
[18:31:01] Video on the map to explain that to you. So the map in Darkfall is probably _ One of the best maps I've ever seen, which is crazy, but showed you in the last video you can change the range you know what
[18:31:03] Darkfall is probably. One of the best maps I've ever seen; which is crazy; but showed you in the last video; you can change the range; you know what mean? You can find mob spawns, right? You've already
[18:31:07] One of the best maps I've ever seen; which is crazy, but showed you in the last video; you can change the range; you know what mean? You can find mob spawns, right? You've already figured that out. You can also search for a drop; right so earlier
[18:31:11] showed you in the last video; you can change the range; you know what mean? You can find mob spawns; right? You've already figured that out. You can also search for a drop; right? So earlier we were trying to find Platinum on mob drops and couldn't
